[Doc] Update RBAC OSS Doc (#9435)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/TabbedShowLayout.md

            { action: 'read', resource: 'products.width' },
            { action: 'read', resource: 'products.height' },
            { action: 'read', resource: 'products.thumbnail' },
            { action: 'read', resource: 'products.tab.description' },
            // 'products.tab.stock' is missing
            { action: 'read', resource: 'products.tab.images' },
        ]),
};

const ProductShow = () => (
    <Show>
        <TabbedShowLayout>
            <TabbedShowLayout.Tab label="Description" name="description">
                <TextField source="reference" />
                <TextField source="width" />
                <TextField source="height" />
                <TextField source="description" />
            </TabbedShowLayout.Tab>
            {/* Tab Stock is not displayed */}
            <TabbedShowLayout.Tab label="Stock" name="stock">
                <TextField source="stock" />
            </TabbedShowLayout.Tab>
            <TabbedShowLayout.Tab label="Images" name="images">
                <TextField source="image" />
                <TextField source="thumbnail" />
            </TabbedShowLayout.Tab>
        </TabbedShowLayout>
    </Show>
);
```

> To use the `<TabbedShowLayout>` component, you will work with the `<TabbedShowLayout.tab>` component. Since `<TabbedShowLayout>` is provided by the `@react-admin/ra-rbac` package, then `<TabbedShowLayout.tab>` too. This component will only renders a tab and its content if the user has the right permissions.

Reviewer: same

When passed a `record`, `<TabbedShowLayout>` creates a `RecordContext` with the given record.

## Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)

Fine-grained permissions control can be added by using the `<TabbedShowLayout>` component provided by the `@react-admin/ra-rbac` package.

> Use it in conjuction with [`<TabbedShowLayout.Tab>`](#tabbedshowlayouttab) and add a `name` prop to the `Tab` to define the resource on which the user needs to have the 'read' permissions for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use it in conjunction with ra-rbac's [`<TabbedShowLayout.Tab>`](#tabbedshowlayouttab-1) and add a `name` prop to the `Tab` to define the resource on which the user needs to have the 'read' permissions for.
```

same

Reviewer 2: So this typo is definitely in EE documentation too

> **Tip:** [`<TabbedShowLayout.Tab>`](#tabbedshowlayouttab) also allows to only render the child fields for which the user has the 'read' permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip:** ra-rbac's [`<TabbedShowLayout.Tab>`](#tabbedshowlayouttab-1) also allows to only render the child fields for which the user has the 'read' permissions.
```
